Jordan's King Abdullah has again asked
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin to
put pressure on Israel for an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza blink was in the
Jordanian Capital Arman as part of a
diplomatic tour of the region aimed at
calming tensions Washington has
repeatedly rejected calls for a truce
but blinkin is underscoring the need to
protect civilians and increase
Aid the US's top Diplomat on a mad
scramble to prevent the spread of the
Israel Hamas War this time anony blinkin
is in Jordan's capital Aman as his
Middle East Mission becomes ever more
urgent Jordan's King Abdullah II urging
the US Secretary of State to do all he
can to push Israel for a ceasefire and
warning blinkin of what he calls the
catastrophic repercussions of war in
Gaza blink's visit to a world food
program facility highlighting the
worsening humanitarian situation in the
Gaza Strip we are intensely focused on
the very difficult and muring food
situation for men women and children uh
in Gaza for these displaced Palestinians
on the receiving end of this conflict in
Gaza help can't come soon enough some
are counting on anony blinkin himself to
end the
war we hope Anthony blinkin and God the
blinkin looks at us with an eye of Mercy
ends the war ends the misery we're
living in we are a people that must live
a free and dignified
life but as Rescuers search through
Rubble after another Israeli air strike
in the south of the Gaza Strip the
prospect of Peace seems
hopeless blinn's Middle East Tour though
continues as he prepares to meet other
leaders on his his mission to try to
control the Fallout from this
conflict German foreign minister analena
barbok is also on a trip to the Middle
East making her fourth visit to the
region since the October 7th attacks
bbok is due to hold talks with the
Israeli president and foreign minister
before leaving the foreign minister
called for an end to the cycle of
violence in the Middle East she said
both sides would be able to live in
peace only if quote sees the suffering
of the
other right well let's get more on bok's
trip from our chief political
correspondent nah haza who is standing
by for us in Jerusalem Nina great to see
you so analina Bok spoke prior to her
departure to the Middle East tell us
what she had to
say well she stressed that it's exactly
three months to the day that Hamas
terrorism brought unimaginable suffering
to this region to is Israel and to Gaza
and she said that that cycle of violence
does have to stop but she also said that
there are people in Lebanon who are now
concerned that uh there could be a
potential escalation of the conflict to
that region she said it only takes a
spark to set the entire region on fire
and that that is not sustainable that
now we also must be must make sure that
um humanitarian suffering ends and that
people do talk about ways to come to
sustainable peace again Nina beok is
expected to hold talks with Palestinian
foreign minister Riad al-maliki in the
Palestinian territories on Monday tell
us more about that planned meeting and
what the reaction has been from
Israel yeah that's right she is going to
meet with him and of course there are
two topics on the agenda one the
concrete steps that need to happen now
during this current phase of the hot War
if you will um so how do people get the
human humanitarian Aid Germany is one of
those countries that has been calling
for more humanitarian pauses to let Aid
deliveries actually get into the
Palestinian territories where so many
people are threatened with starvation
that that is not a situation that is
sustainable but of course also now is
the time says Bok the German foreign
minister to talk about the postwar Gaza
situation and what is required to
achieve such a situation we heard the
report about Anthony blinken her
American counterpart Germany and the US
do work hand in hand when it comes to
trying and brokering peace here in this
region Germany says that five things
essentially are needed uh to reach this
uh sustainable peace and security for
the region that um there can be no more
terrorism threat from Gaza towards
Israel but at the same time also no more
reduction of the Palestinian territories
especially Gaza no occupation of Gaza
and then also there needs to be a strong
Palestinian Authority so all these
things will be on the agenda um in the
Palestinian territories right this isn't
Beach's first trip to the region in in
recent months as we've mentioned remind
us what role Germany has taken as the
Israel Hamas War
rages Germany feels very strongly
affected itself Germany because of its
history because of the Nazi past where
Germans killed so many Jews 6 million
Jews Germany says that Israel does have
the right to exist as a state and that
any attempt to abolish the state of
Israel must of course be counteracted
and so Israel Germany says is a country
that has the right to defend itself at
the same time Germany's also putting
pointing the finger at all the
humanitarian suffering that is going on
and is one of the biggest deliverers of
humanitarian Goods into the Palestinian
territories but also into countries like
Egypt
where for example uh young babies are
being treated that are coming out from
Palestine thanks Nina Chief political
correspondent nah has in Jerusalem for
us